.TH HOST-METERING 1

.SH "NAME"
host-metering \- Host metering service

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B host-metering
[\fB\-\-config\fR \fICONFIG_FILE_PATH\fR]
.IR daemon

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B host-metering
Host metering service regularly notifies remote server about the host's
CPU count together with subscription and cloud information.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
.BR \-\-config =\fICONFIG_FILE_PATH\fR
Path to configuration file.
Default is /etc/host-metering.conf

.SH "ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES"
.PP

\fBHTTP_PROXY\fR
Will be used as the proxy URL for HTTP requests unless overridden by NO_PROXY.

\fBHTTPS_PROXY\fR
Will be used as the proxy URL for HTTPS requests unless overridden by NO_PROXY.

\fBNO_PROXY\fR
Specifies a string that contains comma-separated values
specifying hosts that should be excluded from proxying. Each value is
represented by an IP address prefix (1.2.3.4), an IP address prefix in
CIDR notation (1.2.3.4/8), a domain name, or a special DNS label (*).
An IP address prefix and domain name can also include a literal port
number (1.2.3.4:80).
A domain name matches that name and all subdomains. A domain name with
a leading "." matches subdomains only. For example "foo.com" matches
"foo.com" and "bar.foo.com"; ".y.com" matches "x.y.com" but not "y.com".
A single asterisk (*) indicates that no proxying should be done.
A best effort is made to parse the string and errors are
ignored.

More details can be found on the offical go http documentation: https://pkg.go.dev/net/http#ProxyFromEnvironment

\fBHOST_METERING_WRITE_URL\fR
Remote server endpoint.

\fBHOST_METERING_WRITE_INTERVAL_SEC\fR
Interval between writes to remote server in seconds.

\fBHOST_METERING_HOST_CERT_PATH\fR
Path to host certificate that is used for authentication with remote server.

\fBHOST_METERING_HOST_CERT_KEY_PATH\fR
Path to host certificate key that is used for authentication with remote server.

\fBHOST_METERING_COLLECT_INTERVAL_SEC\fR
Interval between collecting host metrics in seconds.

\fBHOST_METERING_LABEL_REFRESH_INTERVAL_SEC\fR
Interval between refreshing host labels in seconds.

\fBHOST_METERING_SEND_HOSTNAME\fR
Send hostname to remote server. By default \fByes\fR set to \fBno\fR to disable.

\fBHOST_METERING_WRITE_RETRY_ATTEMPTS\fR
Number of write attempts to remote server.

\fBHOST_METERING_WRITE_RETRY_MIN_INT_SEC\fR
Minimum interval between write retries in seconds.

\fBHOST_METERING_WRITE_RETRY_MAX_INT_SEC\fR
Maximum interval between write retries in seconds.

\fBHOST_METERING_WRITE_TIMEOUT_SEC\fR
Timeout for write to remote server in seconds.

\fBHOST_METERING_METRICS_MAX_AGE_SEC\fR
Maximum age of collected metrics in seconds. After the time, the metrics are dropped.

\fBHOST_METERING_METRICS_WAL_PATH\fR
Path to directory where write ahead log files are stored.

\fBHOST_METERING_LOG_LEVEL\fR
Log level. Possible values are: DEBUG, INFO, WARN, ERROR, TRACE.

\fBHOST_METERING_LOG_PATH\fR
Path to log file. Default is empty - stderr.

\fBHOST_METERING_LOG_PREFIX\fR
Prefix of log messages. Default is empty. Format: "[PREFIX][FLAG]*"

.RS 4

\fBPREFIX:\fR string until first occurance of %

\fBFLAGS:\fR
.RS 4
.TP
.B %d
Date

.TP
.B %t
Time

.TP
.B %m
Microseconds

.TP
.B %l
Long file name

.TP
.B %s
Short file name

.TP
.B %z
Use UTC

.TP
.B %p
Move the "PREFIX" from the beginning of the line to before the message

.TP
.B %S
Datetime (same as "%d %t")
.RE
.RE

.SH "FILES"
.PP
\fI/etc/host-metering.conf\fR
.RS 4
Default configuration file.
.RE
.PP
\fI/var/run/host-metering\fR
.RS 4
The default directory for storing write ahead log files

.SH "EXIT STATUS"
0 if the command was successful

1 if an error occurred

2 if configuration is invalid

.PP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR host-metering.conf(5)
